you can never plan anything out there
you just go out and things happen and
sometimes things don't happen and that
is what makes it even interesting but
every day when I go out I'm hoping to
find lovely elephants not just because I
want to show the elephants to the guests
but also because I want to see them
myself and that's makes it even more
special
Simon Lola let's go
Bernhard grew up in the bush
his survival depended on being able to
spot wildlife
so beautiful leopards are mostly
nocturnal to see one in the middle of
the day is rare but people come to
Samburu for one animal in particular
wild elephants don't get any closer than
this okay done move she's fine she's
gonna do anything
the bet was so special I had to trust
you like that you know that you know
intimacy is amazing how did you like
that